College is quite a unique experience. Everybody should try it if they
can. For me, how college matter to me, it allowed me to really gain
credentials for a job that otherwise I wouldn't. So I'm going to be
going to an internship with NASA pretty soon and I see that the jobs
that NASA requires, they need a college degree for it. So if you don't
have a degree then you can't get into their program. However, other
computer science jobs that I'm considering, they don't require anything
at all. So you could be walking straight out of high school
and you can have that job. The only thing they require is "Can you program
this? Yes or no?" And if you can whether you have an MIT degree
or the you just have a GED from your local high school. As long as
you can do the job then you can do it. So it's really important to
understand the types of jobs that you want. Realize that some of them
need a sheet of paper that says that you can do the job, and some
of them just are mostly based on experience in your own life. For me,
I joined the Navy, I got this certificate from the military, which
isn't a college class and then after I got out, then I could have
this really high paying job without going to college myself. There are
many people who say college isn't that important. However, what they're
failing to realize is that when you go to college you're in a
group of a lot of people similar to you, similar intelligence to you,
going to the same classesas you, and being in that group really pushes
you to try your best for four years. And at the end of that, then
you get a sheet of paper, yes, and that allows you to, it opens
more jobs for you, yes, but that entire experience is the college experience
that many people have that you'll be glad that you had. It's
the motivation from teachers, from your fellow peers, it's the late
night study sessions, and all of that really makes you mature as a
person. Not everybody needs it, but if you think that you have enough
money and you have the time, and you want a job that requires that
sheet of paper, the degree, then I'd say college is the right choice
for you.